{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Tech Stack\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 React  (create-react-app)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tailwind CSS (for styling)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Howler.js (for audio)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}FileReaderAPI (load local images)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CSV export (via simple JavaScript)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
First Project\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 load folder of images (dog, cat, car, house)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}set parameters: field size, reinforcement schedule (?)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Play: shows "Touch dog" >> child touches dog >> token added \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}End: shows "x/10 correct, avg latency ns"\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Export: CSV with timestamp, stimulus, response, latency\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}IDEAS- customizable input fields by the sitting bcba so they can make it customizable for the individualized aspect\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Stack Preference\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Python/FastAPI\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Create github repo with docker compose setup\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}design template json schema\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}build stimulusdisplay component (show 4 images in a 2x2 grid)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 General description \par
so right now it only has a thing where *(well you can probalby see "see" it)* you press a button and it adds a token  up to 5 and plays a coinget sound.  this is nowhere near my vision.  Do you know what boom cards is?  boom cards kind of sucks noodles.  I want an app that you can like sort a bunch of shapes by shape/size/color, where you can like recognize facial expressions, you can sort items by categories/features, you can work on pronoun identification, maybe things that help with social skills (idk how that would work yet), maybe have like visual schedule capabilities.  also another thing boom card doesn't really do is it doesn't implement anything based on aba principles IE- big one i am thinking of is reinforcement.  Maybe it could also provide reinforcement.  maybe I could make it (and it would have to be very user friendly for this but) so the bcba could like customize it for individual use.  things that *THIS* patient might respond to might not be as good for *THAT* patient who might respond to other idk [stuff] better.  but for something like that to make it customizable would have to be very friendly for the bcba who might not be as tech saavy.  so i can't rely on having them come to a github repository and cloning it and running a bunch of commands to install tools and making sure the filepath is there in line so the commands will work and etc etc...  You see the scope of this project?  so point is, where we are right now is NOWHERE NEAR ready to work.  however i was with bcba friday and we were complaining how you cant go back to a previous card in boom cards and I was like "honestly i have quite a few user friendly issues with boom cards, I could make something better."  and she was like you should.  it'd be a great space to get into. \par
Questions to be addressed by the thing\par
Questions for You:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 What's the most frustrating limitation in current tools you use daily?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}What ONE feature would make your RBT job 50% easier tomorrow?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}How do BCBAs currently customize activities for clients? (Paper? Photoshop?)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}What's your biggest technical worry about building this?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}This is an incredible project scope, and you're thinking about it exactly right. The fact that you're starting with a working token board (with sound!) proves you can build this piece by piece.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Want to start architecting the first serious feature? Or should we dive into making the token board customizable first?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Need to do for later\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Maybe downgrade node.js 18?  \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 npm install --legacy-peer-deps\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}package.json says wants v2.8.2\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}package-lock.json says we have 1.10.2 installed\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ***nvm.exe to control versions, may need to add this to later stuff to make it usable for people***\par
\par
\b Cognition - ABA Therapy Digital Tools Platform\par
\b0 Cognition is a professional web-based platform designed to enhance Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) therapy sessions through interactive, customizable digital tools. Built by an RBT with firsthand clinical experience, it addresses real pain points in therapy delivery while demonstrating cutting-edge technical implementation.\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8273?\f2  \f0 Core Philosophy\par
Bridge the gap between therapeutic effectiveness and technological innovation by creating tools that:\par
\par
Adhere to ABA principles\par
\par
Are intuitive for clinicians\par
\par
Provide engaging experiences for clients\par
\par
Collect meaningful data\par
\par
Scale across devices and settings\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8480?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Current Features\par
1. Digital Token Board System \f1\u-10180?\u-8251?\f0\par
Visual 5-token economy with gold-star rewards\par
\par
Immediate auditory feedback (coin sounds)\par
\par
Celebration animation upon completion\par
\par
One-click reset between activities\par
\par
Tablet-optimized touch interface\par
\par
2. Shape Sorter Game \f1\u-10180?\u-8273?\f0\par
Drag-and-drop shape discrimination task\par
\par
Color/shape matching with immediate feedback\par
\par
Scoring system with visual progress tracking\par
\par
Built for fine motor skill practice\par
\par
Error correction with gentle guidance\par
\par
3. Emotion Matcher Game \f1\u-10180?\u-8275?\f0\par
Facial expression recognition training\par
\par
Emotion-to-word matching (Happy, Sad, Angry, etc.)\par
\par
Social skills development focus\par
\par
Visual feedback for correct/incident responses\par
\par
Progressive difficulty scaffolding\par
\par
4. Professional Platform Features\par
Responsive Design: Works on tablets, desktops, mobile\par
\par
Activity Navigation: Quick-switch between tools\par
\par
Sound Integration: Therapeutic auditory feedback\par
\par
Professional UI: Clean, distraction-free interface\par
\par
Session-Ready: No login required, immediate use\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8576?\f2  \f0 Technical Implementation\par
Frontend\par
React 18 with TypeScript for type safety\par
\par
Custom CSS with responsive design principles\par
\par
Drag-and-Drop API for interactive activities\par
\par
Audio API for immediate feedback\par
\par
DevOps & Infrastructure\par
GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline\par
\par
Vercel for automatic deployments\par
\par
Git with professional branching strategy\par
\par
Automated Testing on all pushes\par
\par
Architecture\par
Component-based design for scalability\par
\par
Separate activity modules for easy expansion\par
\par
Centralized navigation system\par
\par
No backend dependencies (client-only)\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8219?\f2  \f0 Clinical Considerations\par
No PHI Storage: All data client-side only\par
\par
Motor Skill Accommodations: Multiple interaction methods\par
\par
Visual Clarity: High contrast, simple layouts\par
\par
Auditory Options: Configurable sound feedback\par
\par
Therapeutic Intent: Each activity targets specific skills\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8914?\f2  \f0 Future Roadmap\par
Customizable token counts and rewards\par
\par
Progress tracking and data visualization\par
\par
Printable session reports\par
\par
Therapist dashboard for multiple clients\par
\par
Evidence-based activity library expansion\par
\par
HIPAA-compliant data storage options\par
\par
Mobile app (React Native)\par
\par
BCBA customization portal\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-9028?\f2  \f0 Business Model\par
Portfolio Demonstration (Current)\par
\par
Clinic Licensing for professional use\par
\par
SaaS Subscription for larger organizations\par
\par
Custom Development for specialized needs\par
\par
Training & Implementation services\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8301?\f2  \f0 Educational Value\par
Built as a portfolio piece demonstrating:\par
\par
Full-stack development skills\par
\par
Domain expertise in ABA therapy\par
\par
Professional software engineering practices\par
\par
Business acumen (IP protection, licensing)\par
\par
Problem-solving at the intersection of healthcare and technology\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8432?\f2  \f0 Live Deployment\par
URL: [Your Vercel Deployment]\par
\par
Source Code: [GitHub Repository]\par
\par
Status: Actively maintained with weekly updates\par
\par
Cognition represents the future of ABA therapy tools\f2\emdash where clinical expertise meets modern software engineering to create effective, engaging, and scalable therapeutic experiences.\f0\par
}
 